Was he shot by an arrow?
Something must have happened
during his military service.
He came back as a mess.
I dressed the wound with pine
bark and red spider lily extract,
and it almost healed.
The wound started bleeding
again because it got infected.
So? Will something bad happen to him?
Let me see.
His pulse feels empty,
and he is low in energy.
However, I do not think
that is why he fainted.
The prolonged lack of
energy and nourishments...
caused dizziness and palpitations.
Gosh, I am utterly frustrated.
Put it in simple terms and
talk faster, will you?
Are you saying that it is
something serious or not?
In layman's terms,
he fainted from hunger.
What?
He has not been eating much for
he is an extremely picky eater.
What are you talking about?
The other day, he ate a whole
bowl of gukbap at the market.
He should not have done that.
Wounds tend to get worse
when you eat hot soup.
Well, then he brought that upon himself.
I will prescribe him a
nourishing herbal remedy.
Decoct the herbs for him
with all of your heart.
It also has deer antlers, so
it will be pretty expensive.
It will be very effective though.
What... Deer antlers?
Make sure he eats a proper
meal before taking the remedy.
When you feel weak,
even ailments that were almost
gone come back in full force.
Gosh, I need not be worried.
He is not even human. He is a
goblin that eats up all our money.
Why did you let the physician go like that?
We should listen to him and
get the remedy for Won Deuk.
You see, I have not defecated in 10
days for I have not eaten anything.
We cannot afford an herbal
remedy with deer antlers.
There is only one way Won
Deuk can eat deer antlers.
- What? - I will have to catch a deer.
But I have not seen a single deer
in Mount Chunwoo in my life.
In other words, it is
impossible to catch one.
I must do something. I should go
and try to get some meat at least.
Gosh, it is not like you
can get meat for free.
He already owes 30 yang. Will
you put him in more debt?
You said you want him to work.
Then we should at least help him recover.
If he stays bedridden like that,
how will he work and pay off the debt?
But still...
There cannot be more debt.
So you will not listen to me?
Fine. He is your husband,
so do as you please.
Let him die if you want.
I will stop caring.
Gosh, what am I to do?
If the one who owes all the money
dies, who will pay off his debt?
Who will have to pay?
Will I have to?
The bane of my existence.
Oh, boy.
I am actually glad that he fell ill.
Thanks to it, the two of them
spent the night in the same room.
I should make them spend time
together whether they fight or not.
I must not get involved.
I am going to the mountains.
Did you not tell me to use separate rooms?
Why did you sleep here?
I barely saved you from dying, and
look at how you are talking to me.
It was because I had to
nurse you all night.
What happened?
Do you not remember what
happened a few days ago now?
You fell down and lost your consciousness.
You broke the water jar
in Mount Chunwoo too.
You look nice and healthy,
but you cannot even handle
carrying a water jar.
Why did you break it?
I climbed up the mountains and
started having a serious headache.
It felt suffocating that
I could not breathe.
I wonder what happened to me there.
Maybe you went to get firewood and
ran into a tiger or something.
I became curious on my way back...
about what story I had.
And...
with you too.
Tell me what kind of man I was.
You were a good man.
Yes, you were very nice.
Be more specific.
Well, that is...
Won Deuk?
He was manly and reliable.
He was easy-going too.
Tell me something he was good
at, not his personality.
What kind of work should I make
him do to pay off the debt?
He is good at being handsome.
I see.
What?
That is all?
You were a hardworking man in short.
Whether it was rice planting,
plowing, or feeding animals,
you finished your job in half a
day while others took a full day.
That is not the answer I wanted.
I cannot picture myself with such a story.
Is that right?
Then...
What should I tell you?
My goodness.
I was boiling water on the cauldron
and completely forgot about it.
You do not know who you are,
so how am I supposed to know?
By the way, how did it end up this way?
Gosh, it is hot.
Why are you standing there?
I heard in my sleep...
that your father was going on his duty.
It is not the day today though.
Did Gu Dol fake sickness again?
That punk has no sense of responsibility.
How are you feeling?
I feel much better.
You must be after all I
have done to nurse you.
I searched everywhere in the mountains...
to feed you with healthy food.
Did you hurt your cheek because of it?
I will make you breakfast,
so go wait inside.
You might collapse again otherwise.
What is that?
I am making earthworm soup.
What...
Was it this soup which you
fed me last night as well?
Yes, these are not common earthworms.
These worms have a white
strip around their necks.
Wait.
Do not throw up.
You do not know how
valuable earthworms are.
Swallow it even if it comes up.
Are you okay? Did you stop gagging?
Are you out of your mind?
How could you feed me with
such disgusting creatures?
But you enjoyed it.
Because I did not know what it was made of.
I was unconscious too.
Do you not know the story of Monk Won Hyo?
He went inside a cave and drank water.
He gulped it down really well.
But he found out that it was
from a skull the next morning.
Do you think he vomited like you...
after finding it out?
No, he came to a realization.
The same water tasted delicious
yesterday but disgusting today.
He thought it was wrong.
He realized everything
was up to your heart.
We call this One Mind Enlightenment.
Are you trying to teach me now?
Those earthworms live only in soil,
so why do you judge them
by their appearance?
Then why do you not try eating some?
I would never eat it.
Honestly, the soup is not my style.
How outrageous.
I will not let you get away with it.
I shall punish you.
- What is wrong? - Because I am happy.
I was actually worried...
if your condition was serious.
But seeing how you are yelling,
I think you are all better now.
Don't get sick or hurt from now on.
Your body is not solely yours.
What do you mean?
Your body is mine until
you pay off all the debt.
What is wrong with you?
Let go of my hand.
Gosh.
- Are you a beacon man? - Yes.
I am on my way to do my duty.
Who are you?
I am a palace guard officer from Hanyang.
I see.
Have you not seen a strange man
in this mountain a few days ago?
I have not.
I am a beacon man, so I climb up
and down the mountain many times.
I have only seen animals but not humans.
Hardly anyone comes around this area.
By the way, whom are you looking for?
- That is... - Master.
You must hurry.
Okay.
- You are excused. - Yes, master.
I do not know whom you are looking for,
but you will never be
able to find that person.
What is the matter?
We have found a tunic down the stream,
and it is suspected to be His Highness'.
Are you telling me to chop firewood?
You said you wanted to regain your memory.
It is all to help you remember
what kind of person you are.
It looks unfamiliar no matter
how much I look at it.
Try doing it first.
Your body might remember
even if your head does not.
It is not like you cannot run
away from a crazy dog...
just because you have not run for a month.
That is the way your body works.
You will regain your memory as you do it.
This thing called a
sickle is very dangerous.
It was not my kind of work.
Every man is born differently.
We must have different talents.
There must be something I am good at.
We must find it.
Your silence makes me uncomfortable.
Everything about you
makes me uncomfortable.
The horrible nobleman speech
is your worst feature.
Carry this and follow me.
We will be able to find him soon.
We should.
You cause trouble for me
even in death, Crown Prince.
Over here!
That is the Crown Prince's tunic.
Do not just stand there. Check the body.
I will...
check myself.
Show your respects.
It is the Crown Prince.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
All that dust made me thirsty.
I would like a bowl of cold baesuk...
Water will do too.
Why are you here?
- Pay for the water jar. - The interest?
Come on. Your business is not urgent.
Pay for the water jar first.
He borrowed from me 15 days ago...
and smashed the jar a few days ago.
You should pay me back first.
The water jar belonged to
the magistrate's office.
They should pay the government first.
Can you not do anything
without a water jar?
Ma Chil. Are you talking back to me?
I am an official, you know.
You are just a loan shark
operating illegally. Watch it.
How dare you look down on me when
you are just a lowly officer?
What? A lowly officer?
Amazing.
Hey! Do you think you are all that
because you know the magistrate?
I should just beat this fool up
with my martial arts skills.
What fool? I am a fool?
When were you born?
In the year of the monkey.
What?
One punch from me and you
will end up a cripple.
You will drool forever.
I should just... You fool, you...
I would love to just...
I will make sure that you end
up with two walking sticks.
- You... - No. Not here. Not this.
Why you...
You are just...
Stop it, both of you!
Pay for the water jar first.
No way. My interest comes first.
This is a very expensive flower.
It almost got crushed.
Come with me.
Where are we going?
I cannot pay the debt.
Why can you not pay what you borrowed?
Master. That man called Won Deuk...
signed the contract.
This is the document right here.
That is not binding.
A document he signed himself...
is not binding?
Do you remember Mal Nyeon
who died two years ago?
She used to stick a flower
this big in her hair.
Yes.
She stole a jade ring and
she was not punished.
Why was that?
She was totally off...
That was because she was insane.
Yes, that is correct.
You did not charge her because
she was mentally unstable.
My husband Won Deuk...
is also the same.
Are you saying that Won Deuk...
is totally dumb?
You cannot say that now.
He looks fine.
You told me clearly that...
he seems to be wrong in the head,
so there is no use for him...
and that you would sell me instead.
What?
I am not a fool. I am perfectly fine.
He says he is fine.
I can prove otherwise.
He did not know what went
on in the watermill,
so I thought that was strange.
Oh, Mount Chunwoo. When
we went to Mount Chunwoo,
I told him to carry the A-frame...
and he wore it back to
front which was shocking.
I told him to pay for the soup
and rice that he had eaten,
and he winked at me like this.
I could not believe such
an idiot could exist.
Some time ago he grabbed my wrist
and shoved my hand into feces.
He kept running away from
me, refusing to return...
the black shoes he
borrowed for the wedding.
I found that very odd but...
The whole village talks about him.
That Won Deuk is GFN.
He is good for nothing.
All those stories make me think that...
he is indeed not right in the head.
How could a document he was...
duped into signing be binding?
I beg that you make a wise ruling.
I am wise. Yes, you do have a good point.
Master.
What?
However, it is true that he borrowed money.
Take back all the items he
purchased with the loan.
I disapprove.
He has lost his mind.
- What? You cannot say that.
- He has no manners.
I am a magistrate.
I have no intention of returning anything.
I cannot admit that I am a
fool who is unstable in mind,
and I do not want my debt
waived for that reason.
Won Deuk.
He is her husband and her problem.
We must go.
Clear out.
- Are you crazy? - I wish to ask you that.
Just for some money,
you turn your normal husband into a fool?
You are normal?
Did you not hear what the people said?
You are not normal.
You told me that...
I did everything well.
I am just having difficulty
due to losing my memory.
Instead of covering for my mistakes...
It is 30 yang.
I could get that waived. Who
cares if you are dumb or dumber?
Why did you not become a concubine?
- What? - You must have known I was poor.
Why did you agree to marry me?
If you like money that much, you
should have become a concubine.
What? You did not want an old husband...
and you preferred young,
physically-able me?
How dare a woman...
slap her husband?
The whole village talks about him.
That Won Deuk is GFN.
He is good for nothing.
All those stories make me think that...
he is indeed not right in the head.
Why did you not keep your word?
Father, you promised me
that you would find...
a wonderful man like yourself for me.
Now that I am Yeon Hong Shim
and no longer Yoon Yi Suh,
do you not consider me
your daughter anymore?
Had you been alive,
I definitely would not have
married a man like Won Deuk.
I am sorry to interrupt you, Your Majesty.
A messenger just arrived from
Mount Chunwoo with this letter.
His Majesty's face turned pale
after reading the letter.
The letter must contain bad
news about the Crown Prince.
Bad news?
That is good news for us, is it not?
Now, you should focus on
increasing your influence.
Understood.
Okay.
I do not want to.
Kim Cha Eon's daughter? I
absolutely do not want to.
It is terrifying. It is awful.
Only he...
can protect us both.
Had we not met as husband and wife,
we would not have ended up like this.
I hope you are at a better place now.
It is odd.
There must be something.
He fell off the cliff and passed away.
One of the neighbors found him.
I have no idea why he went there.
There is an urgent matter I
must report to you, master.
There is a more urgent matter.
Someone vandalized the wall at
the chief governor's residence.
Hurry there and deal with it.
He is livid. We might
get fired at this rate.
The arrow maker, who holds the key...
to the female physician case, is dead.
They must know that I am investigating it.
I bet they killed him for they fear us...
finding out who is behind it all.
You can stop digging into that case now.
Wait.
Because she has no family, and
such a death is insignificant?
Master, I told you that there must be...
a big scheme behind this case.
The culprit turned himself
in while you were gone.
How long have you used this?
For about two years, master.
Is that so?
Then shall we see whether or
not you are truly the culprit?
You are very good.
How can that prove anything?
It is not like he killed her intentionally.
He took her life by mistake as
the arrow went the wrong way.
He is not the killer.
However, please lock him
up for the time being.
Why must we lock him up
if he is not the killer?
- For what reason? - Because today is...
the 15th of the month.
What does that have to do with it? Hey.
Wait, Je Yoon!
Will you not go to the chief
governor's residence?
It is a beautiful night.
How about a drink?
I think it is a great idea.
- I will treat you today. - Nice.
Gosh, your brother is very mean.
He ought to keep the
promise he made to you.
Let me see.
What are you doing now?
I wanted to see your face.
I suppose women fell for you
whenever you hit on them like this.
No, that is not true. I have
never hit on anyone before.
So I am the first one?
That offends me even more.
Do I seem that easy to you?
This may surprise you,
- but I have a confession to make.
- Do not do it.
You do not know what I want to confess.
Over there.
I am here to make your wish come true.
It is said your wish will come true...
if the lantern reaches the sea safely,
so I floated it on the water for you.
I prayed for you...
to meet your brother again.
Gosh.
No.
No, wait.
Wait here. I will go in the water and...
I should take this off.
Keep an eye on these for me. I will...
My goodness. I will...
This... I should...
Gosh, it is dangerous.
Are you a snail or what? You
are excruciatingly slow.
How dare you lie to me?
You wrote down your wish, not mine!
No, that is not true. Do not misunderstand.
"Please help me so that I can meet
that lady in Songjoo Village again."
Well, here. Look at the
back of the lantern.
I wrote down your wish first.
There was a lot of space
left, so I wrote down...
my wish as well just to use up the space.
I wrote down your wish in big letters...
and wrote mine in tiny letters.
Why are you...
nice to me?
Since I was little,
I have never been able to
recognize people's faces.
They call the condition prosopagnosia.
To me, people's faces...
always look blurry like
watered-down portraits.
Your face was different.
I could clearly see your pure eyes...
and rosy lips.
At first, it seemed strange.
Later, it felt interesting.
Come to think, it might be destiny.
Let us just hurry and float
this lantern already.
I am worried it might not float well
because of the shallow river...
caused by the drought.
Let us see. That place
should be good enough.
I am okay. I am fine.
That is our master's lantern.
You punk.
How dare you ruin our master's wish?
I am sorry. If you dry it nicely,
it should be okay.
- Why you... - Enough.
I am in a high position
unlike the way I look.
Do not use violence.
Is that right? But our master...
told us not to discriminate
against people by status.
What a respectable master you are serving.
Gosh.
Goodness.
Go get him.
- Stop right there. - Stop.
Go with me. Go with...
Stop right there.
- Hey. - Goodness.
- Stop. - Get him.
tvN E05 '100 Days My Prince'
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Do I have to wait another month?
Thank you for the lantern.
It has been such a long time...
since I last received a
touching gift from someone.
Even if my wish does not come true,
I am happy enough.
I have been going to that
bridge for 10 years...
to meet my brother whom I parted with.
I was hopeful for the first few years.
But I suffered as the years passed by.
On the 15th of every month,
I was forced to admit...
that he was not alive anymore.
Please stop...
going to the bridge to see me...
for I will never go there again.
Hong Shim has not come
back home for a few days.
Maybe she ran away from home.
I would do exactly the same
if my husband was like you.
I was joking.
It must be because it is the 15th.
She goes to Hanyang around
that time every month.
- Hanyang? - Yes.
She says she goes there to help out
her cousin who runs a bookstore.
Anyway, she will come back today...
to attend a party. Go wait
for her in your house.
Won Deuk, you are here.
I am on my way back from your house.
What? Are you sulky?
You are no friend of mine.
You called me dumb in
front of other people.
Eat this and feel better.
I did it all for your sake.
I thought it would be good if you
did not have to repay your debt.
Is it not delicious? I got it for you.
No, the rest is for Kkeut Nyeo.
Where can I get that meat pancake?
I am here to receive my
payment for my work.
But why did you bring him with you?
I am here to have meat pancakes.
Goodness. You think meat
pancakes are for free?
You are not good at anything.
Give him some chores.
He is not asking for payment.
He is here for a few meat pancakes.
What kind of work...
should I give this GFN?
How dare you?
What special day is it today
that things are so hectic?
Master Park is holding his
60th birthday party today.
Master Park?
He is the actual influence of this village.
You know, the old man
who made a huge fuss...
about having Hong Shim as his concubine.
- Live a healthy, long life. - Goodness.
Do not stare at him for too long.
He might notice you.
Move quickly. You will
not be able to have...
zucchini pancakes, let alone meat pancakes.
- Is it good? - It is delicious.
Eat a lot.
Are you being punished again?
So why do you keep playing
with Father's sword?
You should be playing with
needles instead of his sword.
I told you. I do not like
those kinds of stuff.
I knew you would say that
and prepared a huge needle.
Seok Ha.
Even the royal court is prohibiting
people from killing cows.
Who dropped this valuable pancake?
I was not going to eat it.
Why are you here?
Is that all you can say after
disappearing for days?
How could you leave the
house without any word?
You know how...
uncomfortable I was?
I am very uncomfortable
having you around here.
Go home already.
What is wrong with you? I
am here for business too.
Do not be like this. I brought him here.
Are you out of your mind? All
the stuff here is expensive.
Why did you have to bring
this troublemaker?
It was because he whined so much
about eating meat pancakes.
- When? - My goodness.
You were not going to eat this?
Eat this and please...
go home, dear husband.
Were you really going to eat it?
You eat it.
This is delicious.
It is.
- Drink, drink. - Sure.
I cannot believe you are 60 already.
You would pass for a 50-year-old.
That is just nonsense.
He looks like he is 40.
You will tell me to marry again next.
Eat this.
- Come on. - Hello.
Everything is so delicious.
I have a feeling that I
should be sitting there.
I have a feeling that you will
not get any meat pancakes.
That is why people call you stupid.
Get back to work.
You little...
What lovely writing.
"Byeonhwang byeonhwang yo."
"Hongsek jeokhong yo."
"Namnam jeok cheongcheon, jinhoa hoa."
Look at this.
You are a true poet.
This would make Tang poet Du Fu cry.
Master, the bird's nest soup is ready.
Bring it in.
I prepared a little
something to help you...
age backwards a little.
Bird's nest soup?
That is so very rare.
Good for you.
- Oh dear. - My goodness.
What a mess.
Why did you spill it on such a special day?
I am so sorry. I will prepare some more.
Some... Some more?
That is very hard to find and...
I got it from a Ming merchant.
The bowl that you just spilled
is worth at least 100 yang.
How do you think you will be able to...
prepare another bowl?
Forgive me, master.
Roll her up and beat her.
Do not just stand there.
Drag her outside.
Oh dear.
Master.
You need not draw blood from someone
so lowly on such a good day.
Please show some mercy.
Do you even know...
she upset a whole bowl of bird's nest soup?
How would she have known
it was so expensive?
- She unwillingly made a mistake...
- A mistake?
According to your logic,
if you killed someone...
and claimed it were a mistake,
you would deserve forgiveness.
The same logic does not
apply to both situations.
How dare you keep talking back?
Drag both of them out of here!
Let it go.
It is my birthday.
Will you come and pour me a drink?
If you serve me drinks,
I will consider the soup eaten.
If you let me touch your wrist,
I will pretend you were not so out of line.
What do you say?
Will you come and serve me drinks,
or will you be dragged outside and beaten?
What do you say?
I am not fond of waiting.
- Say yes. - Hong Shim.
Oh dear.
Too bad.
You ruined a party.
You must pay for it.
Seeing that you think
so highly of my wrist,
I do not know what to say.
Do not take another step...
without my permission.
Highborn men like yourselves should not...
taunt a married woman.
I see that you seem to have no manners.
Do excuse us.
How dare that fool just leave like that?
Are you showing some bravado
because you are a man yourself?
Rumors say that you are good for nothing.
I find it ridiculous that
you wish to show off...
in front of a woman.
You brag about a poem an
eight-year-old could write,
and I am ridiculous?
An eight-year-old? Why you...
How dare you speak with that
tone when you are illiterate?
"Byeonhwang byeonhwang yo,
hongsek jeokhong yo."
"Namnam jeok cheongcheon, jinhoa hoa."
"It is yellow, yellow."
"It is red, red."
"Blue, blue is the sky."
"It is nice, so very nice."
Do you call that a poem?
Of course, it is, you dog.
"It is yellow, it is red."
"Oh, the blue sky."
How lovely is that? You
write something then.
Master.
If your poem is worse than mine,
then you and your wife
will both lose your lives.
Why bother doing that?
Take them both and...
"Cheukseosukyeong saseoui,"
"anshinmiyak gwanchanghee".
"Jisumanbok gengmusa,"
"jitapcheonkyeong shinshiwi."
- What did he say? - Must I translate too?
The toilet rat scares easily...
and the learned rat is suspicious.
It steals grain from the safety
of the magistrate's storage.
What they want is to satisfy
their greed and eat well,
but when the earth splits
and the sky falls,
they will be in danger.
How dare you mock the nobles...
with a poem you heard somewhere?
Do you not know how serious of a
crime it is to mock a superior?
You speak of morals
regarding status and birth.
You told me to recite a poem, and I did.
Take them both to the magistrate's office!
- Immediately! - I have bad news.
Terrible news, master.
What is all the fuss about?
The Vice-Premier...
found a corpse and
returned with it in haste.
It is said to be...
What will we do about this?
We have no time for this.
Put everything away this instant!
Now!
Get out of here.
- Go home. - Leave.
Go away.
Get out.
Let go.
What happened? Where did
you hear that poem?
How did you know about morals?
How...
What did you do while
you served the country?
If I knew that, I would not have amnesia.
You know what happens if
you stand up to a noble.
We would have been beaten until dead.
We both got out alive.
- That is so but... - What was your plan?
Were you going to serve the old man drinks?
You came to work at the
house of the old man...
who wished to make you his concubine.
Why did you wear lipstick?
- To impress him. - What?
It was a party and we
were told to dress well.
That way, I get to work and get paid.
You told me to be his concubine.
What? Are you jealous now?
If this uncomfortable feeling is jealousy,
then perhaps I am.
Do not enter that man's gate again,
and unless it is for me,
do not wear lipstick either.
I had no memory of you
which was frustrating,
but I know one thing.
- What? - I am not a fool.
I know poems.
The meat pancakes.
I never got to eat one.
It was all for nothing.
Your Majesty.
Please kill me.
That cannot be the Crown Prince.
There is no way he would die like this.
- I must see his face.
- You must not, Your Majesty.
Step aside.
I checked myself and verified
that it is him, Your Majesty.
He has already started to decompose.
It is too cruel for you to see that.
I told you to step aside!
Your Majesty.
Do you not want it?
Then shall I work for Master
Park and get some meat pancakes?
I refuse to eat meat pancakes if
we must obtain them that way.
This tastes awful.
I suppose it is healthy.
They say that bitter
things are good for you.
By the way, Won Deuk was...
honestly so romantic earlier.
"Do not take another step
without my permission."
Romantic, my foot.
He will get himself in big
trouble if he is not careful.
Gosh, he is such a troublemaker.
For me, it was very gratifying.
I mean, it is unfair that
we always have to obey...
and bend over backwards for those noblemen.
- Yes. - You are right.
By the way, I thought
Won Deuk was an idiot.
But it looked like he can read.
No way.
He probably heard a poem or two
while serving in the military.
You think so?
Can you read this? Try reading it aloud.
Why does a gluttonous man have 50 shadows?
You can read these letters?
"50 Shadows of the Gluttonous Man".
"The Cowherd and the Straightforward Girl".
It must be a badly-written, romance novel.
Who says that you are GFN?
Won Deuk, you are more than useful.
You are amazing!
That smile of yours is making
me very uncomfortable.
Since His Majesty is utterly
devastated at the moment,
I will relay his orders to you ministers.
"Killing the Crown Prince..."
"is like assassinating me, the King."
"It is clearly an
unforgivable act of treason."
"Form a special investigation
bureau immediately."
"Catch everyone who is responsible
for the treacherous crime..."
"and punish them to set
a deterrent example."
"I would like Vice-Premier Kim Cha Eon..."
"to lead the special investigation bureau."
"Only allow a couple of dieners in
to prepare his body for the burial."
"I do not want people to see the
horrible state his body is in."
"Also, minimize the burial procedures."
"I am greatly concerned..."
"that all of this may cause public unrest."
It is very strange.
How could he not even let the royal
relatives in before the burial?
But it works to our advantage.
Minimizing the funeral procedures...
will help us expedite the
installation of a new crown prince.
What is more urgent is for us to stop...
the Vice-Premier from becoming the
head of the investigation bureau.
He will obviously hold us and
the Queen responsible...
to get rid of us.
It will not be easy.
The Vice-Premier without
the Crown Prince...
is like a tiger without teeth.
Even his followers will start
betraying him one by one.
You fool.
Do you not know how menacing
and underhanded he can be?
I bet he will use trickery.
And we should do the same against him.
Just wait and see.
His Majesty will abandon
him soon and side with us.
We have his only heir,
Prince Seowon, you know.
We did it. It is happening.
You will become the king of this country.
Crown Prince's Palace
will be yours very soon.
Did something bad happen to Yul?
- Yes. - What now? The Crown Princess...
Prince Seowon, pull yourself together.
There are thousands of eyes
and ears inside the palace.
If anyone finds out about the way you feel,
both you and I will die.
You may go now.
Go!
Why do you think that he is not the killer?
He said that he has used
it for about two years,
but I am certain that he held
it for the first time that day.
That is not how you hold
that type of arrow.
He probably did not know that
I would ask him to shoot it.
And I know that he does not
frequent Mount Baegak.
I searched his house,
and there was black soil
on all of his shoes.
If somebody ordered him to turn himself in,
we should torture him to find
out who put him up to it.
Why must you do this? Why
let him go so easily?
Torturing someone is such
an inhumane thing to do.
Tailing him would be a faster way
to find out who put him up to it.
Then why are you still standing here?
What is the matter with me these days?
My apologies.
Have you seen a man in a
black robe by any chance?
He must have walked by here just now.
I guess you have not.
I was only speculating,
but I am now quite certain that
you cannot recognize faces.
You are Ae Wol.
You must recognize people by their voices.
Am I right?
Oh, by the way,
you should be careful from now on.
I heard that the Crown Prince passed away.
It means there will be a
bloodbath at court soon.
The Crown Prince passed away?
You did not know about it?
A notice has been put up in front
of the Capital District Office.
I heard that you wanted to see me, my lord.
You made a mistake that
can cost you your life.
That body is not that of the Crown Prince.
I saw him falling after
getting hit by my arrow.
It is his guard.
They must have swapped their clothes.
It was such a crucial
mission, and yet you failed.
Do you expect me to spare your life?
The hunting game is not over yet,
so it is too soon for you to
kill your hound, my lord.
Just remember...
the consequences of your mistake.
Go to Mount Chunwoo immediately.
And find his body.
If the Crown Prince is alive,
kill him for certain.
You must bring me...
his head.
What happened?
I did not see you around for a few days.
Did you leave the palace to...
Yes, I moved in secret
to find His Highness.
He gave this to me on the day
he left for the rain ritual.
Why are you giving this to me?
He told me to hand this to you
on the 15th of the month.
I wondered why he was telling
me to hand this to you...
instead of doing it himself at that time.
Now that I think about it,
he must have meant to hand this to you...
if he did not make it back.
Is this not the Chinese letter...
for "elbow"?
Are you telling me to transcribe all these?
I have brought only the bestsellers.
They offered us two jeon per book.
We can earn a lot of money.
"Tale of Manly Man"?
What are the odds about the manly man?
It is the must-read book
among married women.
"I wish to be your honey."
"Hold me tight..."
"before I..."
"jump on you."
I do not wish to read such a corny story.
Do not read it then.
"The two people entered a
pavilion to avoid the rain."
"Yeon Hee's face was glowing
from the moonlight."
"She was beautiful."
"Seob grabbed her hand."
"And..."
And?
Just transcribe it yourself.
My vision is blurry from
reading for a long time.
Continue reading if you
wish to earn two jeon.
Start with "And".
"He untied her breast-tie."
"Yeon Hee's bare skin was finally exposed."
"It was so beautiful."
"Seob caressed her face and kissed her."
"Her soft lips..."
Enough.
Why? Did you not tell me to continue?
It does not make sense.
I mean, they just met that day.
It could happen if they fell
in love at first sight.
Why does it not make sense?
Did you fall in love with
me at first sight too?
What did you like so much about me?
I am already aware that
you fell for my thighs.
Tell me something else.
You were the one who liked me first.
You were desperate to go on a date with me,
so I did it as a favor.
But you do not look like
someone I would try to hit on.
Says who?
Look at me closely.
If you do, you will fall helplessly for me.
Is that right? Let me see.
From up close, you look...
It is nothing.
What?
You transcribed all these
books in one night?
Goodness.
Hong Shim, you are impressive.
Hold on.
Here.
I am the one who is impressive, not her.
I did the job.
Then you must be a perfect couple.
If you have jobs to do, leave
them to us from now on.
We can make brand new, typo-less copies...
with a great handwriting
in a short period of time.
Okay.
Instead,
make it three jeon per copy.
Now, you know how to bargain too.
How dare you?
I am just saying because I am proud of you.
Are you that happy?
Of course. I have never earned
this amount of money before.
I am going to have a bowl of gukbap...
and buy a pair of leather shoes.
You cannot. We need to repay the debt.
Part of that money is mine.
Forget about leather shoes.
We will order a bowl of
gukbap and share it.
I thought you were a woman of high caliber.
You are cheaper than you look.
We would have been able to
have some meat pancakes...
had it not been for your debt.
Look at all this dust.
- What is this?
- We're trying our best to clean.
What is wrong?
The gukbap restaurant is right there.
- What is the problem?
- He is coming this way.
That is Ma Chil. He looks nice,
but he is so cruel.
He often beats up people
regardless of gender.
You must be careful about him too.
If you run into him, make
sure you run away, okay?
I am feeling very uncomfortable.
It... It is because it is cramped.
Hang on a little.
It is not because of that.
Then why?
What is making you uncomfortable?
I think...
my memory has returned.
What should I do if he has
found his memory back?
Drop those eyes of yours.
If that is what you want,
will this much be enough?
If someone comes looking
for me while I am away,
make him stay.
Is it a man?
Your lips will meet hers
if you move a bit closer.
You are smiling.
- So what?
- You look pretty when you smile.
I picked these on my way here.
They resemble you.